{OK, so like last week, our
first one today is going to be a
short story. So with the short
story you'll have take between
10 to 15 minutes to describe
what you see and what you see
happening. And when you're done
with each page, you could let me
know if you'd like me to move on
to the next page. The first
story today is a four slides
long and I will share my
screen.}
{OK.
OK.}
#START_arrival-5 See. So this
looks like a story about.
Um, a town on the edge of an
ocean.
There are a lot of boats and
there's a dock where the boats
can be pulled up out of the
water.
You see, like a lot of row
boats, there are three people
in.
With the oars and then there's,
uh, multi Storey buildings
there.
They look like they're made of
like a light material.
And there's windows and the sun
and a lot of birds flying
overhead.
And really interesting owl
creatures like large and small
owl statues on the tops of the
buildings and there's a huge owl
statue.
kind of in the center of the the
city, which is kind of rising up
like it's going uphill, like
it's going up a Cliff, and all
these birds that are flying
around are perched on these owl
creatures.
And.
Um, next we see, um, set of
people.
Looks like maybe ohh like the
people that were in the rowboat
um, they're they're coming in
and they're tying their boat up.
And there um.
You know someone is greeting
them and they're welcoming up
the set of stairs.
And um, there's a boy carrying
something.
Looks like it's a bowl of fruits
or food and, um, he's got like a
little like a white pet with
legs and a long tail.
And I'm he he gives the bowl of
fruit.
To a woman in a white dress who
receives it.
And she's giving.
Another person a hug.
One of the men hug and then.
Shaking the hand of uh, looks
like one of the guests who's in
dark suit with a hat.
Uh, she's waving her, you know,
gesturing with her hands to
welcome them in.
There are.
Four people each holding a a
glass with a drink in it and
looks like they're.
They're clincking, um, having a
toast.
Um, and then you see the bowl of
food. Looks like the seafood and
maybe breads, and someone is
pulling these out of the basket
and cutting them up using a big
cleaver knife.
And um.
You know, doing some other
cooking preparation with them,
maybe skinning some potatoes or
taking the skin off.
The food and then um, using a
baster to.
Um, put some liquid, some kind
of gravy, or like a glazing
sauce on.
What looks like some meat.
And I'm ready for the next page.
And now we see, uh, there's four
people at a dinner table. And.
Um, you know, it's looks like
it's night time, but there's
like soft lights, like a little
something on the table that is
generating light. Maybe some
lamps?
And uh, one of the men is using
a.
A pipe with a flame coming out
of it to cook some of the
seafood. And there's plates.
And silverware and the woman is
talking to the the man who's a
guest and the boy is leaning
down and feeding the little
white animal, feeding the pets
some food. There's a little
white shark looking creature and
a.
A black cat kind of thing with a
lizard tail.
And one of the men is looks like
he's telling a story or a joke.
And the woman is laughing and
the other other man is laughing
as well. And then?
They bring up musical
instruments and the man is
playing an accordion.
Type thing with pipes coming off
of it or and horns and the woman
is playing some kind of pipe or
flute.
Uh, that has a light on the end
of it and you know, finger
holes. The boy is strumming a
type of mandolin the the pet
looking on.
Um.
And then the guest, um, he takes
a piece of paper and he starts
folding it and folds it into
like a a a cat or a fox.
Looking creature and gives it to
the boy who's wearing the man's
hat.
And then the man of the house
brings he goes to a cupboard and
opens the door, and he pulls out
a vase, and he and what seems to
be his wife or.
Both hold the vase and like
they're presenting it or you
know we we get a little closer
we can look inside the vase.
And ready for the next page.
And um, now we see just that
vase, um, sitting.
Um.
On what looks like a windowsill
or maybe inside a picture frame.
And um, someone is waking up.
So it's looks like it's the man
who was the guest.
And um, the little white
creature, pet creature, is
coming up to greet him and wake
him up and he's petting him.
And then we see he's putting on
his shirt and he's chopping up
some food with a knife.
And I'm giving it to his pet
while he has the rest of the
food on a plate on on a table.
And then he's putting on his
jacket and his pet brings him
his hat.
So that he can finish getting
ready.
And next page.
And now he's out walking in the
street with a ton of people.
You know, other people have have
pets with them like a a goose
and some are carrying bags and a
lot of people have hats and
they're birds flying around and
you can see like the light
colored buildings.
And.
Um, there are, you know, people
working in the street.
With sticks. Um, there are
people. There's a guy with a big
basket and some fish.
Maybe he's, he's feeding the
fish. Uh, there you see people
at.
Um, inside of shop, there's a
counter and a woman in the
shopkeeper. The two of them are
exchanging money.
Um, there's an artist on the
street.
With maybe some basketry or some
some tapestries. There's someone
on a ladder painting a huge
mural on the side of a building.
There's a woman, a street
vendor. She has a little cart
with wheels, and she's selling
drinks or something out of this
cart.
And the man with his little pet
and his suit in his hat, we see
him, he goes up to a door and
he's talking to a gentleman with
a hat and apron and holding a
bowl with a spoon.
Um, he's asking him something,
and the the gentleman is waving
up his hand like, you know, no.
And then and then the gentleman
let me see our man. Um, he's
asking. He's talking to somebody
else. I'm a guy who
has a wrench and a kind of dirty
work clothes and a frog looking
pet with a wrench in its mouth.
Looks like he works on a big
boiler and it looks like he's
asking him something. And this
means also putting up his hand
and saying no.
And then we see the man in the
shop talking to the shopkeeper.
Same thing. He's asking her
something. She's saying, holding
her hands up and saying no.
Um.
And then we see him outside next
to a big blimp with a huge fan
blade.
And um, workers with brooms. And
he's talking to someone with a
uniform and a hat.
#END_arrival-5 And he's also
holding his hand up and saying
no, it looks like the man is
looking for work.
{And next page.
All right.
OK, let me pull up the next one.
OK, the next one is a.}
{Complex scene.
OK.}
{OK. And like last week with
complex scenes, we asked that
you take 3 to 5 minutes to
describe what you see happening
in the scene.}
#START_waldo-1 um well we have.
Waldo and he has a letter there.
And, um, he's talking about he's
setting off on a worldwide hike.
And he's got all his supplies
and he's seen there's a lot of
other characters to spot.
So this is a scene of it's a,
it's a city.
And there are streets and
buildings and cars and people.
Um, the buildings are.
So there's a large pink building
right in the center, with a
white and red awning and pink
walls and windows and a red
roof, and people out in the
roof. Looks like maybe there's a
guy trying to get a cat who's
escaped and maybe a firefighter
helping.
Um, across the street from there
is a blue brick building with.
Looks like an office building.
You can see people working on
the computer.
And there's men on ladders and
blue overalls. and they're
cleaning the building, and some
of them up on top on the roof. A
couple of have buckets on their
heads and they're fighting with
mops. And one older person is
feeding birds.
Um, there are lots of awnings
down on the street, you know,
red and white, green and white,
blue and white.
Um.
One looks like a wizard. There's
a person with an awning selling
pots, and there's a vine that's
like trailing all off the table
and onto the ground.
There are people carrying dishes
and walking dogs and reading
papers.
Um.
There are people. Ohh. There's
Waldo walking with his walking
stick and his backpack and all
the supplies.
Um.
Passed him as a person with
yellow helmets.
um in a red suit running on a
blue scooter.
Is green and blue and cars and
yellow trucks.
Um, this person riding a
bicycle.
From the right, it looks like,
uh, like a bank or an official
government building. And there's
someone raising their hat to
someone important, maybe, maybe
the mayor.
Um, there's like more window
washers, like hanging off with
ropes off a roof and.
And it wouldn't platform
scrubbing the windows.
It looks like he dropped his hat
and it's falling down onto
someone who's walking below.
In the distance there's a looks
like a.
A garage where cars are being
repaired. It's a green car with
its hood up and again like a
blue overall person in the car
with a bunch of tools and metal
parts laying on the ground.
And. And there's a gas tank
outside, so maybe it's gas
station, someone standing by,
maybe the owner of the car
watching it get fixed.
Uh, there's a fire engine house
with a fire truck and the doors
are open and a red fire truck is
coming out.
Has a fireman with a.
Uniform and a hat outside next
to that looks like a police
station. Uh, some people in blue
uniforms coming in and out of a
building. One person.
Has someone else with him?
Maybe, maybe someone who's been
arrested.
In the far, far back there's um
hospital.
I see like a doctor and a white
coat and nurses and.
Um, so people are are on the
ground. They've been in a a bike
accident and so the doctors and
nurses are rushing to help them.
You see a white ambulance coming
out of the building.
There's another building with a
chain link fence around it and a
bunch of it looks like little
kids so and a clock on the wall
above 2 big double doors so it
looks like a school.
Um.
And, um, there's some smoke
coming out of one of the houses.
Might be a chimney, but there's
also looks like some
firefighters with hoses on a
house next door, so there could
be a fire going on.
And just a few other shops.
There's a Barber Barber shop.
With, you know, the Barber pole
out front.
And you know, outdoor restaurant
with the table.
And tables and chairs outside.
And a waiter pouring a drink.
Ohh. And then the big center of
all of this kind of town square
is a big fountain.
And there's a person with a
snorkel and flippers riding
sitting on the top of the
fountain. And people were.
Walking by and looking at him,
and there's a statue with a.
Guy like looks like a Roman guy
with a bow and arrow.
#END_waldo-1 And the standing at
the corner of the the town town
square, which is actually a town
triangle.
{Yeah. So enough detail. Yep.
Perfect. Great. Thanks.
OK, next we have another short
story.
OK, this one is 3 slides long.
OK.}
#START_arrival-2 I've got some
people.
Sitting with shawls, looks like
they're traveling. Maybe a
couple of women and a child. Two
children. There's some, some
suitcases and trunks.
Uh, there's also some men in
dark suits and hats also sitting
there with.
With Trunks um as a woman, um,
dark outfit.
Holding a baby.
Umm.
And then there's a man, he's got
a book open and he's writing in
it. He's right-handed, he's got
a pen, he's writing something in
it, and then he rips the page
out.
And, um, just to fold it.
Into.
A shape, and it turns out to be
a swan. She's made this paper
swan out of.
The the page that he wrote on
and.
He's holding the swan. And then.
Looks behind him.
And gets up to walk. Ohh it
looks like this swan has has
flown away. Here's a little.
Paper Crane Um has flown away.
And he's looking around, he's
looking up in the sky and Sun's
bright, kind of shading his
eyes. And then all of a sudden
above the boat with all these
people on it are a ton of these,
these birds, these flying.
Birds that all look the same.
And people are looking and
pointing at them as they fly
over the the ship with its big
smokestacks.
And now we see the boat with all
these people and and big
smokestacks. It's entering a
harbor of a huge city and the
sky is.
This guy is cloudy and there the
birds are flying towards the
city and you can see tall
skyscrapers in the background.
Um, but, you know, in a flying
view of birds. And there's other
boats in the harbor, like large
and small sailboats.
And um.
They're getting closer and there
are two huge statues in.
Um.
In the harbor that appear to be
two people shaking hands and one
has a.
Umm.
You know little creature like
with a tail on its arm and the
other has a bird sitting on its
shoulder and there are two boats
below each of these these people
that show food in suitcases and.
It looks like they're welcoming
each other, and one has a hand
open with an apple like it's
offering it to the other person.
And um, I see a huge huge.
Umm.
Yeah, I think good for the next
page.
And there's this huge ocean
liner coming into port with the
clouds and you know, all this
steam from these birds kind of
filling up the sky with all
these clouds. And we see people,
you know.
Kind of coming off the boat like
they're.
Um, there's a a person with a
megaphone.
And a uniform, and he's
directing them. And other people
in the boat are opening up a
gate.
The people were picking up their
luggage and moving forward.
They're coming down off this
this boat.
down a plank. And they're now.
They're standing on the dock.
Huge crowd of people with all
their their goods and their
baggage and their.
You know, waiting to.
#END_arrival-2 To find out where
you go into the city.
{OK, next one is also a short
story.}
{OK.
OK.}
#START_flowerman Alright, so we
have a.
A town at night, the Purple Sky
and um.
The street lights are on and
there's a solitary character
walking over a bridge.
Um.
And there's a car down in a
ditch. Um, might be, might be
his car.
Ohh, he's walking towards this
town. It looks a little bit a
little bit rundown.
Um, there's a a Ferris wheel
that's closed up and maybe a
circus tent.
A gas station? Uh, there's a
gate that's off its hinges.
A bar with a striped awning and
stairs going up to a second
story.
There's a beach shop and a
person walking past a garage.
Truck parked out in.
In the street and a little dark
over what looks like you know
would normally be a river, but.
Um, you know, kind of cutting
alongside the town and under
this bridge, but it's all dried
up and so this character is
walking with the.
A cat or a dog?
You know, over this bridge and
into the town.
The next page.
And uh, we see a little more
clearly. It's an old man or a
woman, uh, with a blue hat and a
red scarf, carrying a bag and an
umbrella.
And um.
They're walking through the
streets of this town now.
Passed. Uh.
How's it like? It looks like
abandoned houses. We have like
shutters open, hanging open and
windows open.
Doesn't look very lived in.
There's a couple of people on
the street.
Um, kind of off to the side and
alley like looking a person's
way and.
It's garbage can and some litter
St.
Still some St. lamps. There's a
little bit of light.
Um, you know they're walking.
There's there's a cafe across
the road.
And um.
Looks like maybe you can see
some things in the windows,
maybe some people there, person
riding on a bike, a little kid.
And some some buildings with
awnings and statues and.
Oh, there's another there.
There's a.
Kindle and Awning, looking kind
of sad with the old dog on the
railing.
But I'm gonna a man slouching
against the door and another man
driving a car on the street of
the street lights.
And um, statue in the center of
the town that looks maybe it
would be a fountain, but there's
no water in it.
Next page.
And this person continues to
walk through these.
And passed these houses and.
You can see people. Some of the
windows have people in them.
You know, you know, either like
in a kitchen or in a bedroom.
Like getting ready to sleep or
um.
One guy looks like he's taking a
bath.
So it looks like they're
painting.
Um.
There's a couple of people on
the street.
Guy with really big hair sitting
on the edge of the of a
fountain.
A kid looking into the fountain,
looking kind of bored.
Um, so.
You know, brick buildings and
stone buildings and a stone
sidewalk fire hydrant on the
sidewalk.
And um, right in front of the
person is a house that has a for
sale sign out front and it's a
just a small little one story
house, you know one door, couple
of windows.
They're pretty modest little
some grasses or like a remnants
of an old flower garden. Out in
the front, a little little
wooden fence.
Next page.
And oh, so.
So it's not daytime um and the
for sale sign is gone. So it
looks like maybe some time has
passed and the.
The person we were watching
looks like it was an old man. He
it looks like he's the owner of
the house now because he's he's
out in front hanging new
shutters. He's on a ladder,
hanging new shutters on the
front windows, which are blue.
And um.
The, uh, you know, while the
rest of the, well, most of the
picture is black and white. You
know his house is is in color
and he's got a.
Lawn mower out front red red
lawn mower with a bag on the
back and.
Excuse me, the yard is cleaned
up and all the old kind of
plants and.
And things are cleaned up in the
grass is cut nice. Um, he's got
a mailbox on the side.
You know, the roof looks pretty
good.
And, uh, looks like there's a
tree kind of maybe in the back
of this house. And it's
blooming. It's got, you know,
green and orange and red and
white flowers on it.
There's and the. The town is
still.
You know, the people were still.
Still in their buildings. And
you know, the one guy still
looks like he's sitting in the
bathtub looking out the window.
Now there's a lot more people
out though.
Kids in the street and people
walking around and most people
look either distracted or bored
or not very happy.
Umm.
And I'm just kind of going about
and doing their thing while this
gentleman fixes up his house.
Next page.
Ohh so.
Looks like more time has passed.
The shutters are hung and um,
the roof is a deeper purple and
the tree is a deeper set of
orange and red.
And um.
Same thing. You know Gaston, his
bathtub in the second floor and.
Um, just other random people.
Like kid at the fountain without
water and a person on a scooter
and some kids talking in the
street.
But there's again, like while
the man's house is in color.
Most of the pictures are black
and white, but there is.
One little girl walking along
the street and she's in color
and she has red hair and a.
A yellow blouse and a blue
skirt.
And next page.
Yeah.
And now, um, again, some more
time has passed.
It looks like and um now more of
the town is in color, so.
Um, now you know, to the left of
the man's house, the the
building there has red shutters
and.
Um.
Uh, he's, you know, more of the
people are in color and the old
man is talking to.
A girl who looks like she's in a
school uniform and another, you
know, another girl on the
street.
Others demand standing near him
on the sidewalk.
And there's a movers and sellers
truck, so.
It looks like people are.
Or maybe moving in or out of
these buildings guys still on
the 2nd floor in his bathtub and
you can see his his bricks are
red and his awnings and color
and the house next to him is in
color with the multi colored
roof and windows are open and.
The painters looking outside
with his he's got his art
palette.
And um, the boys down at the
fountain, he's like kind of
playing with something in the
fountain and.
Um.
You know, people are looking
around at all these all these
things going on. It looks like
there's a clown in the back
behind the.
The man's tree pushing a little
cart.
It's a lot more activity and
lively on the street.
Next page.
And now
Um, you know, if almost, if not
all of the the scene is in color
and the old man is out in front
of his yard and he's got a BBQ
going and he's cooking some food
on the grill. And there's an old
woman in the yard with him and a
kid looking in the door, and
kids are on the street and
they're playing and.
Um, there's a milk truck with a
milkman dancing with a woman and
a couple, you know, musician
playing an instrument.
Guys still in his bathroom on
2nd floor, but seems like he's
enjoying what he's seeing
outside. There's a red orange
car in the street.
Um, the fountain has water in
it, and the boy is waiting in
the in the fountain water in.
Um.
Outside the artist's house,
there are paintings. A little
quick. They're being sold.
And um, you know, other old men
sort of coming out of the door
and out of the windows.
Um, a clown.  Uh, with this cart
talking to some kids. Or at
least one kid, some people up on
a roof.
Um, so a lot of a lot of
activity and happy people in
this picture.
And.
Um.
Now the picture is in full color
and it's really rich and.
Um.
People are going on like a
parade in the street and.
The old man.
Oh, the old man looks like he's
leaving. He's got his hat on his
scarf and what looks like a bag.
And he's walking away from his
little house.
While all these other people are
are going on doing this stuff
and they the guy is no longer in
his bathtub. He's.
Um, must be outside somewhere.
And the artist is no longer in
his room painting.
You know.
Looks like most of the people
are down in the streets, out of
their houses and.
Interacting and playing in the
fountain has water and the water
is really blue and.
Everybody looks really happy and
alive.
Oh, there's like he's standing
on the roof of a of his house,
waving his hand.
in a towel
And, um, this is we see the the
street where the man first came
into town and.
He's walking away from where he
was before.
Uh, you can see his house in the
distance and he's he's walking
away from it and back up the
street from when he first came
in and.
Now um.
You know the streets and color
and there's water in the
fountain and.
Again, things are better here as
he's leaving the city.
Next page.
And.
He stopped in front of a house.
Or building that says for sale.
And he's holding something in
his hand.
And um, a guy with a pipe.
Is looking out at him in a
window in surprise.
Um.
Ohh, he's got uh, there's a
little dog out in front of the
man's door and it looks like
he's maybe got a treat for the
dog and the dog's got his tongue
hanging out and.
He looks excited to receive this
treat.
And people were watching him and
there's one of the people
watching is a little girl and.
Um, looks like.
The man is leaving, but it looks
like he gave her a purple flower
and she's just looking so happy
and excited and.
And looks maybe her dad in the
window? He has a red flower.
Um, probably from the.
From the man having given it to
them.
#END_flowerman And brightening
their day.
{That's cool.
Next is a complex scene.}
#START_unfriendly_giants OK, all
right, we've got a scene.
Of giants. It's called the
unfriendly giants.
And it says then Waldo and
Wizard White Beard came to the
land of the unfriendly giants,
where many waldos had been
before, and Waldo sought the
Giants were.
Weirdly harassing little people.
And when he found the 10th
scroll, it was time to continue
with his journey.
So, um, it's we've got like a
great big field.
Um.
With bushes and hedges and a
hill with a.
Like a small small castle or
keep.
And, excuse me, a windmill.
And these giants
Are running around all these
different places and there are
tons of normal sized people.
Um.
Kind of in between all these
giants and um.
trying to deal with them. Some
of the giants are they have a
checkerboard and they're using
real people as pieces.
And um, kind of swatting people
away who are trying to stop
them.
Um.
We have. It looks like maybe
there's a little pond or
something and a bunch of giants
have sucked up the water using
straws and then they're spitting
it at the people.
Umm.
There's a big siege tower with
some people on it. The normal
size people that have have a big
hammer. They're trying to hit
one of the giants on the head.
There's another catapult.
People have fired a rock at a
giant. It's bounced off the
Giants head and.
Doesn't look like he even really
stopped them.
Um, one of the Giants is
picking.
Picking trees flower. You know
picking flowering trees up as if
they were bouquet of flowers
and.
handing it to a fake um giant
cut out.
It's a it's a trap because
there's another siege tower with
the big hammer waiting to hit
that giant.
Who's in love with this female
giant cut out.
And then um.
Looks like there's some.
People trying to get is a giant
walking around with with people
stuck in his belt.
And um, a bunch of people
dragging behind him on a rope
that they've tied around his
ankle and there's like, another.
Rope trap on the ground that
this giant is about to step
into, but yet one of the Giants
has a rope trap around a group
of people.
Also, looks like they're doing
the trick too.
One giant is down on his knees.
He's, you know, kneeling and
he's tipping his hat hat off to
a group of people. So he's
trying to be nice.
There's a giant on.
On the street, kind of using a
tree as it looks like, maybe a
sweep, a broom to sweep.
Couple of Giants are storming up
the hill to fortress and the
people up there firing rocks at
them.
Um, the Giants at the windmill
are spinning the windmill blades
around really fast.
Here's another giant trap with a
wooden cut out of a giant woman
and a hammer.
With Giants, looks like he's
picked up a whole house off the
ground.
Uh, with the Giants looks kind
of surprised what's going on. He
has an exclamation mark above
his head.
Umm.
And there are, you know, very
small.
Small village huts with the kind
of white thatch on the roof and.
#END_unfriendly_giants One of
them has some chickens. Uh, kind
of eating up there.
{Umm.
Yeah, so enough 2.
And next is a short story.
OK.}
{OK, you could start when you're
ready.}
#START_quest OK so we have a boy
and a girl hiding from the rain
under an overpass like a an
archway and looks like they're
in a park. There's a park bench
and a waste basket and a lamp
post and a a statue next to the
search way and so maybe they
they rode there on their double
seated bike.
The front wheel is made-up of a
purple wheel and the back is a
red wheel, red tire.
And the girl holds a piece of
red chalk in her hand, and the
boy has a piece of purple chalk
in his hand and a.
A big purple bird with long tail
feathers sitting on his shoulder
and um. Inside this archway is a
wooden door.
Um shaped with a tall wooden
door with a.
Curvy shape at the top and the
girl was the boy's holding his
hand to the to the rain, as you
know. See if it's still raining
or catch the rain and the girls
looking at the door.
Next page.
And all of a sudden, out from
the door pops a.
A wizard looking fellow with a
long white beard and orange
robes and.
A strap across his chest with
thumb looks like a bunch of
pockets.
And um, and he's holding a
scroll.
And it has a ring um, with
circles on it. They're all in
different colors, like orange,
red.
Purple, blue-green. And he
startles the boy and the girl
who fall down, and the bird
flies up.
And.
The uh.
The Orange wizard looking guy
puts the.
Uh, the sash with all the
pockets on the girl and points
you know gives the scroll to the
boy and he points like, you
know, go.
Go forth, go find um, and all of
a sudden some soldiers come out
of the door and grab the guy's
arm.
And drag him away, and as they
do, he, um, he drops his orange
chalk.
And he tries to to hold back
with the soldiers, forced him
into the door and leave the kids
and the chalk outside.
Next page.
And so now the kids are looking
at their chalks like the girl
puts the orange chalk in this.
This sash belt that has a room
to hold the chalk.
And she's still got her red and
he's got his purple. And so they
start drawing well, because the
door is locked. The boy starts
to draw a purple key and the
girl starts to draw a red key.
And they take their keys and
they open each one side of the
door, and then they go through
this double doorway with the
bird following them.
Next page.
And they come out into.
Um, a fantasy world with a huge
castle and a river.
And um across the river they see
well in the air. They see like
these blimp flying ships and
fire and smoke coming off the
castle.
Um, different spots than the
castle towers.
And um, across the way they see.
The wizard tied up with soldiers
guarding him on a boat that's
traveling into, you know,
beneath the huge arch and into
the city.
And they look at the piece of
paper, which kind of looks like
a it's a map they look at more
closely and they can see that.
Um.
Each of the circles has a
picture inside of it.
Um, the red has a forest in the.
Purple has a palm tree and the
orange has the city, and they're
pointing to the yellow circle,
which has looks like a temple
under the ocean.
And um Ohh and the boat with the
with the Orange wizard is
sailing out into the sea. Maybe.
Umm.
So it looks like.
Maybe they're they're thinking
about trying to find this temple
under the sea.
Next page.
And um, so.
Um, some other people Um.
soldiers and a leader are coming
in boats and they want to get
away, so they draw.
Girl draws a diving helmet and
flippers and a scuba tank and
the boy draws an octopus and
they splashed into the water so
that they can swim away.
And they hold on to the octopus,
squid creature and follow it
down into the water, into the
temple and so on, the little
picture, and it's glowing with a
light.
And there's a ring of towers.
Around it and fish floating
overhead. They're headed down
towards this.
This, uh, ruin that's all lit up
underwater.
And they get there and they find
the yellow piece of chalk in a
in a.
Seahorse statue platform in the
center.
And uh, they grab the chalk and
they start to swim away on
their, holding on their squid
and the.
That leader of the soldiers is
following behind them and with
Spears, and he sees them, and he
points.
Um, like directing his soldiers
to go after them.
And they come up out of the
water onto a beach in like a
jungle with palm trees and
they're running and they start
to draw. Was looking like an
elephant.
And uh, it's rhinoceros with a
canopy and a blanket on the
back, and they're running. It's
purple rhinoceros with a red
canopy.
Through the jungle.
Um, past these statues that look
like kind of Aztec and and these
temples in the jungle.
And across the jungle, like
there's a Cliff and they see a
long wooden bridge out to a
tower that is glowing with some
kind of light, and this is where
they're headed towards.
And they run across the rope
bridge towards this.
Tower with the light on top.
And.
When they get there.
Looks like. I think maybe that's
like the.
Maybe getting it like a green
piece of chalk, but the soldiers
are following them and so they
have to get away again. So the
girl starts to draw board and.
The boys tried to draw something
like big wings.
And they've made a huge
dragonfly with the red swing
that they sit on as the
dragonfly drags them away, the
soldiers are too late, they just
missed them and they're flying
towards the mountains.
They get to the top of a
snowcapped mountain and there's
a Buddhist temple with.
It's it's purple and um.
And looks like they found
another piece of chalk on the
very top of this this temple.
And um, but the the King
soldiers are not far behind.
They're in their blue.
Blimp machines that are flying
towards them.
Um, and now, but with this
piece, the they have the entire.
Belt of chalk filled out.
And complete. There are six
different colors of chalk in
this belt.
But they're surrounded. The
King's soldiers and the blimp
creatures are flying around.
They have a cage to try to trap
the purple bird and um.
Looks like ohh there's more
soldiers coming and.
Um.
So they're they're trapped on
top of this temple.
But all of a sudden the bird
flies away with the.
The the belt full of all the the
chalks and the rainbow is
created.
It's bright and it's blinding
the soldiers and they're
covering their eyes and the.
King knows Gold armor is has his
hand up and he's cursing.
And some of the blimps are
getting knocked away from the
the power of this rainbow.
And the rainbow flies all the
way down, like across the.
The river and the the Big city
and it lands into the boat where
the Orange wizard.
Is captured and the soldiers are
falling
Falling overboard as the bird
flies in with all the chalk and
creating this rainbow, knocking
the soldiers away.
And um, now the soldiers are
gone, and the people of the city
are are free to go back to their
lives and the.
Uh, the the wizard is on the
rhinoceros with the boy and the
girl, and they're having a huge
parade through the city with the
purple octopus falling behind in
the water.
And the dragonfly flying
overhead, and the purple bird
and big rainbow across the back,
lighting everything up.
And um, the old man is helping
the boy and the girl off the
rhinoceros and down a set of
stairs towards The Cave where
they came in.
Um, and he takes his orange.
Chalk, and he draws, crowns
through with the boy and the
girl and puts them on their
head.
And they wave goodbyes. He holds
his hands up and thanks, and
they wave their hands as they
walk through the doorway.
To go back home.
And they come out under the
archway in the city and the rain
has stopped. The ground was wet,
you can see the reflection, but
the rain has stopped and a big
rainbow is stretching across the
sky.
#END_quest And you know, a
bright, bright, sunny sky.
{Let me see what we have next.
OK, we have another story.}
{This one's two slides.
OK.
OK.}
#START_arrival-3 Man in the
street looks like he's
Holding posters or newspapers.
People walking around him
reading, reading the paper, and
we have a woman holding a white
cat.
with really pointy ears.
There's a man with a little cart
this wheels and a little lizard
in a basket and a big smokestack
coming off of the cart looks
like a a food food cart.
And uh, there's a man and a
woman, and they're looking at
eggs in a crate in a wooden
crate.
Um, that have been packed.
In um straw to keep them from
breaking, and they're each
holding one and either trying
to.
Pick one or check them out.
Um.
We have a man who has a chair in
the street and he's um.
Shaving people. He's got a.
There's a.
Young man with a white white
Cape around him and the.
Barber has a straight knife,
straight edge knife, and he's
he's saving this person well.
Another child looks on.
There are two musicians in the
street, one playing a accordion
tuba phone kind of thing and
another like a fiddle. There's a
music stand holding some sheet
music and strange pigeons
walking around on the bottom.
There's a.
Looks like a shop or a
laundromat. There's some people
sitting.
One woman was knitting and
another is looking through a
book.
Maybe telephone book or
something.
And then we have a man in a dark
suit and a hat and a suitcase,
and he's standing in the middle
of the street, looking puzzled.
And he's checking his watch and
he's looking up at a clock
tower.
And um, he's walking along the
street and through different
neighborhoods and it's getting
darker. And as it gets darker
there, these like lights
floating in the air, and he
reaches out to try to touch
phone and then they'll swarm
past him and knock his hat off
his head.
And when he looks down, he picks
up his hat and there are arrows
on the ground and he studies
them.
And these arrows, I think
they're giving directions to
point where different things
are.
And so he gets out his book and
he's reading that and.
Someone comes along and offers a
hand out to him. Kind of like
asking, are you lost?
And um.
Looks like they're having
trouble, like they don't speak
the same language. Um.
So they're having trouble
talking with each other. So
instead the the man with the hat
and the dark suit draws a
picture of a bed and points to
it and the man from the street.
lifts his finger and says ah OK
I I can leads this.
Moves his hands to show him he
can lead him for where to go,
and so the man with the.
#END_arrival-3 Suitcase in the
hat starts to follow him.
{OK. If you want to take like a
2 minute break, get some water
and I'll pull up the next. That
sounds good. Thanks.}
{OK, the next one we have is a
complex scene.}
{OK, baby.
Yep.
It's complex, alright.}
#START_exhibit-12 This is
exhibit 12, the Great Portrait
exhibition.
Um.
It looks like the inside of an
incredibly packed museum. Um.
Multilevel.
There's um, so a bottom floor.
Uh, white floor with just.
So red walls and paintings on
the walls and people just
absolutely everywhere.
Um, stairs going up to a second
level.
Um, wait, you know, white
stairs, white railing and again
the stairs going up to you have
third level paintings.
Um, all over the wall.
Especially on the third floor,
like the paintings go up. You
know, multiple.
Multiple rows of paintings
stacked on each other.
Um, and people crammed in all
levels of uh the scene.
So.
Some of the interesting stuff
from the paintings. There's a
picture of a shark. It looks
like water is running out of the
painting below the frame.
Um, there's a knight.
Umm.
Cowboy, cowboy. Maybe with a
hat.
Umm.
Some of you know Viking with a
sword.
Um, something with the shower
cap. Prisoner behind bars.
It's interesting painting of
like.
2 Colonial sort of figures with
the the heads as separate
paintings separate from the
bodies.
Um, soccer player with like a
soccer ball for a head.
Um, clone with a Red Nose. Um.
Uh.
Man in the woman. The guy
smoking a pipe with a long pipe.
Smoke Trail coming out. There's
a gentleman with a.
Orange hair and an orange
mustache that's long and
sticking out to the side. Um,
little Red Riding Hood.
And then, uh, for the people Um.
I just all variety of people,
brightly colored clothes.
Um.
There's some people in swim
trunks.
Um.
Like polka dot dresses with big
hats. People carrying paintings
in a blue wheelbarrow.
Um, there's an artist doing a
drawing out on the floor.
Uh, somebody down on the ground
looks like they're.
You picking something up or
playing with marbles or
something?
Or trying to ohh maybe doing a
puzzle, putting puzzle pieces
together.
There's a bunch of people
crammed.
Um, in uniforms can all cram
together.
Um, looks like maybe policemen.
Some people were trying to hand
paintings down over the railing
and um.
People were trying to grab them.
Uh, there's a big somebody's
drawing a picture of a man
holding a fishing rod and a big
fish.
Um.
There's like that looks like a
red and yellow mask that someone
is holding.
Uh, there's some ladders or
people are climbing along the
side and.
Trying to.
Draw on the sign. Or maybe.
Takes some parts of it. There's
some, uh, people lowering.
Kind of look on a wonder what
window washer platform loading
themselves from ropes from the
ceiling, kind of watching all
this going on.
Umm.
There's someone with an actual
fishing line.
And it looks like a teapot on
the end.
There's a green face looking
thing that has a hole on the
top.
Some more people, it looks like
people are drawing on something.
Looks like papyrus.
Um.
People were kind of sitting
below the railings, or leaning
on the railings and pointing
down below. There's someone in a
scuba suit, and the green thing
looks like an alien, a monk, and
a Pilgrim with his black and
white hat.
Umm.
#END_exhibit-12 Looks like
somebody's carrying two guys or
carrying something trying to
hang. Hang a painting above a
doorway.
{Umm.
Yeah, it's enough detail.
OK, cool. So back on that one.}
{Let me pull up what's next?
OK, next we have a short story.}
{OK.
Hey, this one's 20 slides.
And I'll share my screen in one
second.}
{OK.
OK, um.}
#START_return We see the inside
of a house and um like dad is
like sitting at a an artist
board and he's drawing and
there's a red kite floating in
through the doorway.
Um, and the rest of the house is
empty. There's a cat.
I'm laying on a bed upstairs and
then the only other room that's
occupied, that girl is in her
room. She has a red chalk and.
Red ball, orange crown. And
she's drawing a doorway on her
wall.
And yeah, next page.
And the dad looks around and he
sees the kite on the floor.
He stops what he's doing and he
picks it up and he's kind of
like, hmm, looks like he's
thinking like we're just come
from and he leaves it and.
He was looking for his daughter.
He goes into her room and
doesn't see her, but he sees the
red door. It's open and there's
a light coming out.
Looking through it.
And next page.
And he comes out into a forest.
Magical forest with lanterns
hanging through the trees.
And very thick trees, um.
So you can't see the sky and
there's a river.
Um with a dock and a red ball
and he's he's just checking all
this out.
Next page.
And he goes to the end of the
dock and he picks up the ball
and as he does he looks down the
the river and a big boat.
It's coming along. It's um has
a.
Um, like an animal
Statue kind of shape at the
front and a tail at the back
end. The boat pulls up and stops
at the dock and he gets on and
sails off with it.
Next page.
And he's taken 2 a big kingdom
with the huge towers and castles
and.
Um, you know, bridges over this
river and and he sees way on the
distance. He sees his daughter
on a red boat with her orange
crown, sailing.
On across one of these bridges.
Next page.
And he jumps out of the boat
just as she is walking up some
stairs to meet the boy who has
his purple bird and his orange
crown. And you know, there's the
the king with his crown and his
orange robes.
And um.
Looks like he's trying to talk
to her, but she doesn't want to
talk to him. She's um, he's got
his hand out dad, but the girl
is ignoring him. She's got her
arms crossed and she's looking
away.
Next page.
And all of a sudden.
Out of the boat that came in,
uh, some soldiers appear and
come running up the stairs.
And they're surprise, um, the
boy and the girl and the king
and the dad. And the king holds
up his orange chalk that stands
in front and holds up his orange
chalk as they come running up
towards him.
And next page
And he draws like really fast
through the air as the of the,
you know, the general has a
contraption with a crank he's
holding.
And um.
The King has drawn a sword.
Um, But the general Like hold
his machine and crank the handle
and it sucks three of the chalk
pieces from the canvas belt.
And into his machine, and the
soldiers grabbed the king, and
the general runs on.
Next page.
But the boy gets out his purple
chalk  and he draws a huge
winged creature that he and the
girl and the dead jump on and
fly away. You know, huge moon in
the sky. It's night time now and
the general is like at the edge
of the railing and he's holding
his hand like.
He's trying to stop them.
Next page.
And um, he he uses his machine
again. And not only does it suck
the chalk out of the boy's hand,
but it starts to.
Suck up the purple creature that
they're riding on.
And as they're flying away.
Next page.
And he's sucked up all the bird
and his feathers, and as they're
falling the king, they're
they're the generals and
soldiers are in a flying machine
or two, and the king reaches
over and.
Grabs the boy's hand and catches
him, but the dad and the
daughter falling and the dad
reaches out and catches the
girl's hand as they're falling.
Next page.
And they land into the ocean.
Um, and quickly the girl draws,
starts to draw an underwater
boat.
And next page.
And she has drawn a submarine
with a pair and she's looking
out the Periscope with the dad
drives it and they're going
through the water.
um trying to find some place to
go.
Next page.
And the get into a cave. And the
land, the boats.
And um.
There are all these cave
paintings drawn on the walls.
Kind of staring at them and
checking them out.
Next page.
The girl points excitedly to the
pictures because she sees one
that.
Looks exactly what's happening
the it looks like the general
with the machine sucking up the
chalk.
And while she's showing the dad.
This, uh, the bird is sitting,
looking out of The Cave
entrance.
Next page.
And the general and his soldiers
have found them. And he's
outside The Cave entrance. And
the girl's hiding behind a rock.
And the dad gets an idea and he
takes the.
Um takes like the green green
chalk, I guess, and he starts to
draw.
Um.
Kind of a doorway with a cage
hanging down, the bird cage
hanging down on the center of
it.
And next page.
And um, the general runs up and
um starts to suck the bird into
his box. And as he gets the
bird, he steps into the middle
of the cage and it turns out
it's a trap.
And the trap
shuts and traps the general in
it, and the dad has the box in
his hands and I, you know,
holding it overhead.
And as he smashes it on the
ground, all the colors come out
the.
The winged creature, and the
yellow and green and blue and
the bird is free and all these
other animals, and there's a
huge light.
Um and the boy and the King have
run up.
And as the general sails away
Um, all these colorful creatures
are flying away. Um, the king
and the boy and the dad and the
the girl watched this boat go.
And now the girl was really
happy with her dad and she gives
him a great big hug.
Um, and down near them is a
little door with a kite tail
hanging out of it.
And they came out of the door
and into the dad's study where
he was working.
But now he's no longer in the
study because he's, uh, you see
the kite flying outside.
#END_return So it looks like he
and his daughter are outside
playing with the kite.
{OK. I'll pull up what's next,
OK.
OK, next we have a complex
scene.
OK.}
#START_escape_from_the_zoo OK,
this one says escape from the
zoo.
And, um, it's a picture of
different areas inside a zoo.
Um, we've got different
enclosures and.
Uh, the sidewalks, uh, between
them got animals in the cages
and people on the sidewalks and.
Some buildings in the
background. So we have a a cage
with zebras and flamingos and
hippopotamuses. We have one with
a looks like a male and a female
lion.
There's some people in that one
trying to climb the wall and get
out.
Like one person is jumping in.
with a smile on his face.
Ohh um, there's a rhinoceros
loose in the on the sidewalk and
it's running through and it's
scaring a bunch of people and.
Snakes, even who are running
away from it and.
People were trying to jump in
the lion cage to get away from
it.
There is an enclosure with a
giraffe, 2 giraffes, 3 giraffes.
Um, one is bending down and
trying to eat something out of a
guys box.
Um, and some other.
Like an anteater and some other
African animals, I think it's a
hyena.
One of the persons around that
enclosure is shaking food into
the.
The enclosure, which the animals
are looking at hungrily.
There's a yellow and blue and
green bird like a toucan kind of
thing flying, and then a another
like a Penguin in an aviator's
cap and a scarf flying.
A little little airplane with a
little propeller airplane.
Uh, there's, uh, an enclosure
with the.
Um.
Monkeys or apes and one is kind
of dancing and.
Hands in the air like.
There's a boy outside doing the
same thing.
Um.
There's an ice cream shop right
in the ice cream stand, right in
the center of everything and.
Um, the pink ice cream cone on
top and guys giving a kid an ice
cream cone.
There's also like a little
little igloo.
Uh, ice kind of area with um,
water around it, some animals
with black and white stripes in
a tree and a crazy bird.
In the back there's an enclosure
with elephant and.
It's like maybe some more
rhinoceroses.
Bird with a long white neck.
Ohh. The elephant is sucking up
the peanuts from a boy who's
standing there.
There are two buildings. There's
one on the left, which is a
cafe.
And people will look like
they're ordering food at a
window and then there's a second
one that says has a sign that
says shop.
And people are coming and coming
and going from that.
Um, you can see the sitting in
the background, so it looks like
this is a.
A City Park. There's a barbed
wire fence keeping the animals
in and some birds sitting on the
roof.
Um.
And there's people like there's
a girl in a mask and um an
animal reading a newspaper or
sitting on a park bench and
looks like a couple of
zookeepers, one with a long net.
Um, one with the ladder, kind of
trying to figure out where the
Penguins went, maybe.
Umm.
There's a hot dog vendor on the
street. He's got ketchup and
mustard and a red and yellow
umbrella, and he's giving
someone a hot dog.
Um.
Oh, Peacock with its feathers
expanded and a Penguin hiding in
the in the Peacock feathers.
Um.
Trying to see there's a lot of
other people doing things.
Walking around looking, there's
a Penguin with the top hat.
Doing a little dance a polar
bear in the.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo Ohh
yeah. Three polar bears in the
enclosure in the top left.
{Umm.
Yeah, I don't know, sort of good
amount.
Cool.}
{Let me see what's next.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
OK.}
#START_by_the_lake OK, uh, this
one is called by the lake and
it's a Big Lake with a beach.
Um, and some woods and a cabin
in the background and there's a
whole bunch of people enjoying.
Doing this with a ton of
activities so.
in the lake itself, there are
people paddleboarding. Um,
there's a big platform boat,
people in speed boots and on
banana boats. There's the dragon
boat with a bunch of people with
oars, pedal boats.
Looks like a blow up tricycle
boat. Little sort of paddle
boards with sails kayaking.
Bunch of people are standing on
their shoulders being pulled
behind a ski boat like a in a
formation.
Human tower formation.
Some people look like they're
skiing with.
You know, they have kind of hang
glider.
Parachutes, sort of pulling them
along.
And you've got some more motor
boats. Um, on land, you've got a
mermaid.
People riding bikes, kids riding
bikes.
Um, people hanging out at picnic
tables near the cabin.
Umm.
Let's see, down on the beach
you've got coolers and umbrellas
and a kid with a net.
And um.
People playing bocci and.
Um thought I saw some volleyball
with a net.
And um.
There's another kid with a net.
More umbrellas. People were
sunbathing.
People are playing in the water.
I mean they have. So in addition
to the boats they just have
like.
There's a float that a couple of
people are laying on and they
have the round inner tubes with
paddles and.
Single person kayaks.
There's a little girl sitting at
the end of the dock with
actually 2 girls with fishing
lines in the water.
Some kids are building a
sandcastle.
On the beach.
One part of which has a little
igloo.
Um.
Someone's lying on a beach chair
looks like reading a Kindle or
something.
There's some shovels, um, sand
shovels and stuff in there.
There is a white Swan in the in
the lake.
Couple of people is there's at
least one person with snorkeling
equipment.
Umm.
Some other houses in the
background.
Ohh, the people hanging out at
the cabin looks like one of them
has a spatula and.
Is uh next to a charcoal grill.
Looks like they're cooking some
food.
Umm.
Some girls are doing some
acrobatics. One of them is doing
handstand, the others don't like
a backwards.
Uh bend.
There's a guy with glasses and a
mustache. Guy carrying a kid on
his shoulders. Somebody.
Playing guitar and.
#END_by_the_lake Singing to some
people while somebody's walk
around holding a Penguin.
{Hey, next is.
Another complex scene.}
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
Alright, so this one's called
dinosaurs, spacemen and ghouls.
It's like a movie studio, um.
It's got like.
You know, set back drops.
With wooden props behind. So
we've got one that is is like a
caveman scene. It's got a
volcano, it's exploding, a
couple of cavemans. Caveman with
a club out.
You can see the kind of movie
set lights in the top and some
of the dinosaurs are sticking
their heads into them or
knocking their heads on them.
Umm.
You've got a bunch of Cavemen
and women.
You know, well, one's drawing on
one of the dinosaur green
dinosaur props.
And um.
You know people day, sitting
there daydreaming, and one of
the dinosaur creatures is
daydreaming.
Um, you've got a red dinosaur
creature. Looks like it's a
costume. You got a guy coming up
out of the top of it.
Um.
more lights along the edge
there. Um, there's an entrance.
Oh, let's look a dressing room
and entrance into that dinosaur
area. There's a purple dinosaur
looks like costume ready to go
walking through a door that has
a star on it.
Um, and there's people sitting
at tables, the lights to get
their makeup done.
And there's wardrobe. They're
they're fitting people out.
And then it's blending into
looks like a Halloween scene.
You've got people dressing up
like mummies and.
Lights with the church and a big
ice cream cone and a bunch of
ghosts and mummies and monsters
moving towards.
Something.
Got like it looks like a kid in
a tree and.
So, so they're they're filming
some kind of scene inside this
haunted house looking area.
Um, and then there is, um,
cafeteria.
Where it looks like the actors
and the movie producers are able
to come and go down the line and
get food, there's a kind of
caveman outfit doing that.
Cashier at the end checking
people out. Huge poster of pie.
Picture of pie
Um, and behind that is a huge
space scene that they're still
working on. There was a guy on a
ladder painting.
The blue sky and the white stars
and there's like different kinds
of people and and alien rocket
ships.
More more of the space UFO from
the aliens, which are a little
little Green Man I guess.
Um.
There are some astronauts
hanging on ropes and you know,
the simulator being out in space
and they're firing at each
other.
Um, there's one running through
space with flames on his feet.
There's a couple of irritated
looking aliens hanging off on
one of the saucers.
And uh, big letters in the back
for the the crew and stuff to.
To get up on these devices, and.
#END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
And, you know, create the sets
and hang people from them.
{That's about it.
OK, Next is a short story.
OK.
OK, this one is 6 slides.}
#START_arrival-6 A picture of a
vase sitting on.
Umm.
OK, a dresser with what looks
like maybe a mirror.
Little insect is kind of flying
down and sitting on the edge.
Umm.
In the mirror we see a picture
of a man writing on a piece of
paper.
And he's folding that letter
into a paper crane and sticking
it in an envelope.
Along with some bills. Um, some
money. It looks like he's he's
sending some money along with
this message.
And he's looking at the envelope
and putting a stamp on it. Looks
like an international envelope
has the stripes along the side.
Um, he's walking down the stairs
with his little white long
tailed pet creature. So asking
somebody, a woman on the street
something and she's pointing.
So it looks like he's trying to
find out where can you mail this
letter?
And she sent him to a looks like
a mailbox on the street.
It's got sort of weird wings and
and a couple of doors and he
reads the information and opens
the door.
And puts this letter in and then
looks to the sky as.
The mailbox rises up into the
sky with a balloon, causing it
to levitate.
And it's flying away. It's the
man and his little pet creature
are walking away.
And then we see a leaf.
fly to the ground and it splits.
Um and into two, and then
something flower starts to come
out, and then the leaves shrivel
with the flowers left and it
blooms and it's like a
dandelion. It's got all these
fuzzy.
Fuzzy seeds that start to to
shake off and blow away.
And now it's just a just a
normal flower with petals.
And.
Um.
Looks like it's blooming more
and more and getting some seeds.
And the seeds are falling on the
ground and then the flower
itself is is dark.
As it looks like the snow comes
back and then it's falling apart
and its pieces are falling on
the ground and until there's
nothing left but just a.
You know.
An outline of the shape of the
flower, and it's buried in the
snow.
Next page.
And we see a huge city.
Big buildings and smokestacks
and a cone looking.
Uh, thing with the big hole in
the side and um.
Birds flying around and.
Um.
Just, you know, really massive
buildings.
And um.
That face ohh um. The little
bird insect creature is flying
down with something in its beak,
and there are little baby beaks
pointing out of the vase and
three of them, and it's feeding
them and.
Um.
Well, the the man is sitting on
his bed, he's looking at a
picture frame of three people,
and.
his little pet creature is
laying on the bed with him.
Um, sleeping. And then he's
looking at it and kind of wakes
up and.
Oh and it, it wakes up and jumps
down.
And the man is holding his
picture frame is what's going on
and um.
The creature.
Goes down through a hole in the
floor with a ladder, which the
man climbs down and the creature
goes over to a little hole in
the door and there's a letter
for him.
And he picks up the envelope and
he opens it and there's a little
paper crane, and he unfolds it
and reads it and smiles and
looks out the window while
holding his letter.
And let me see the little paper
crane.
And um.
A little kitchen contraption
with dishes in it and hooks on a
wall with a hat and a coat.
And a bowl with um tails coming
up out of it.
And a couple of kids drawings.
One of the of a flying birds
flying in the in the sky and the
clouds.
And another.
A couple of contraptions, one
with the oil can and one looks
like a key wind.
Watch and there's a paper and a
cup of coffee.
And a picture of a man and woman
and a daughter.
And, um, an adult is holding out
a coin and placing it into a
child's hand.
And.
We see. We see a kitchen.
With um a man.
His wife and his daughter and
the little white pet, and he's
giving the daughter a coin,
whether they're sitting at the
table with, you know, bowls of
food and things and.
You can see the picture of the
family and the Black Hat on the
hook up on the wall.
And the girl is putting on her
boots and um taking her hat. The
pet has little white pet has
brought her hat.
#END_arrival-6 that she's
putting on, and she goes outside
and down the stairs and they're
running and they're pointing and
looking at like the fireflies on
the ground and up in the sky.
She's trying to hold them in her
hand.
{Next page.
OK, we have one more.
Story left.}
#START_arrival-4 All right. And
we have a man who's, uh, he's
taking a shower and he's washing
his body and and he's shaving,
putting on a suit, tying his
shoes and.
Umm.
Um, he's got something in. His
hand is getting ready, and he's
got his hat.
Um, and I'm a map of uh looks
like a city with streets and
he's unfolding in and he's out.
He's out in the city now with
his pet.
And uh, he's trying to find out
where to go and he's walking
through the city and we see like
huge kind of rail lines.
And and smoke and um, she's
following this map and looking
at it closely.
And he's now at.
Well, it looks like a train
station, but for flying boots.
Um, there are these huge cones.
Behind him and people on what
looks like a platform, and above
him boats are coming and going,
flying flying boats with smoking
stems.
Stacks are, you know, coming and
going in different directions.
Next page.
And the little pets is kind of
talking to a little bird looking
creature and.
He notices that the the bird
creature.
It looks like sort of like an
owl cat kind of thing is I'm
standing next to a woman who's
looking in a book.
And he speaks to her and asks
her.
Um.
To help him with his map, he put
you know, she's helping him find
something on his map and she
points.
To particular area and then.
Points to a telephone machine
in.
It's a Rotary dial and dials the
number.
of
dials the number and pulls a
handle and.
Out pops a ticket. It's a ticket
machine.
Maybe she's pushed some buttons
on it and points to the ticket
and it explains something and.
Drops it in his hand and then
she's checking her watch and
telling him three, so maybe his
three minutes to get there.
And uh, so we see the you see
the boat coming in.
Um.
And.
And people waiting for it, and
it lands, and then he and the
creature are getting on to the
boat and.
Um.
You know a man in the uniform is
punching his ticket and guiding
him on board.
Next page.
And he takes a seat on a bench.
Um, this pet sits down next to
him, and um.
He's sitting next to a woman who
he's uh.
It looks like with the with the
cat owl creature.
And he's talking to her and um.
Gesturing with his hands and he
pulls out.
A piece of paper. It looks like
it has its information on it.
And um, she reaches into her bag
and she pulls out a piece of
paper with her picture and
information on it and a stamp.
And.
Um, let me see her story.
She was reading a book and
somebody grabbed her book from
her and stuck it in a drawer
and.
Umm.
Locked it up, handed her a
shovel.
Pointed her towards a big coal
furnace. Where
You know, night and in the rain
and the snow. She had to shovel
coal into this furnace. You and
when it smoked.
She'd have to climb up a ladder
to the the chimney with the big
brush and clean the smokestack
out.
And um.
She and there were other people.
Doing this as well and all these
smokestacks around this huge.
Um building. And she's sitting
there kind of sad. And one day
she sees a door and she uses her
shovel to.
Crack open the door and she
peeks out.
And she grabs the keys from the
the jacket pocket.
Of the man who locked her book
away and grabs her book and runs
and runs away and leaves the
city and get or gets on a train.
heads on a train and the train
takes her away from that city.
And now we're back in the
present day and this other
foreign country, and she's
pointing and the uniform has
this big megaphone. I think
they've arrived.
And um, they shake hands and
he's walking away with his pet
and he's looking up and he sees.
Huge.
Creature with a bowl of food and
huge city streets looks like a a
new city or.
You know, new place.
Next page.
And he his Pet are walking
through the city and their past
buildings and people and stairs
and.
Um.
Other people selling fish and
there are people.
Um.
Getting into little compartments
and talking to pets and.
Um, he has his book. Looks like
he's trying to translate some of
the words to figure out what
what things are, and he's
looking at signs and.
This little creature is
scratching at one of the
cabinets and when he opens it
up.
There are other little thing
like things in it and he's
writing down in his book.
And um.
A boy takes one of them out.
And um is holding it, and
another gentleman's waving high.
And he says, oh, no, no thank
you, he's trying to find bread.
He points to his picture of
bread.
he is trying to find bread to
eat, and so the man points to
the correct symbol and opens the
door.
And uh pulls out, um, black
curly cooking food, and the boy
holds out of basket, and the man
takes the basket and the.
The boy and the man or are
helping him.
And then they're looking at a
fish and the boy has a horn with
lights coming out of it and.
Um, we're trying some of the
food and there's a big.
Big vegetable with leaves on it
or big like. Looks like a big
acorn.
Um.
And different types of seafood
and vegetables that you can
crack open and try and they're
nibbling on things and.
He is trying these new things
and the boy is feeding it to his
little pet.
And other putting all this food
together into the basket.
And then the boy whispers to his
dad and the dad and the man
holding their baskets.
Puts his arm around him and says
something to him and.
The boy is pointing and they're
inviting him to go with.
The man to go with them.
And so he follows them down to
the rowboats.
At the edge of the the ocean.
And they go to their rowboat and
there's a big vase.
Ohh, that's where he has his boy
has his little lizard.
Creature in there and.
It gets on this playing with the
other pet.
And, um, they're getting some
food out on the two men are
talking.
When he's.
Uh, the the man in the hat is
scared of the the creature, but
it goes back in the vase and.
The other man is is reassuring
him and.
So the man with the hat draws a
picture of a dragon in the sky.
And on the boys holding his
creature.
The men's showing.
the man his drawing.
And.
So the man is looking up at the
sky.
And there are.
#END_arrival-4 Flames in his
eyes, like, you know, if he's
seeing flames.
{Next page.
OK.
So that.
Is oh wait, let me.}